# 2026-04-21

## Todo List

- [●] blog
  - [●] remove portfolio link from header
  - [●] move portfolio link to external links in footer
  - [●] push initial nmap notes
  - [●] push initial notes page
  - [●] push index page update
- [○] metasploit blog post
  - [○] intro writeup
  - [○] nmap section
  - [○] unrealircd research
  - [○] unrealircd exploit section
- [●] update links to blog
  - [●] portfolio
  - [●] linkedin
- [●] my_notes diary template
  - [✓] weekly todos 
  - [●] daily todos
  - [●] backlog
- [◐] dnssec for blog

## What Did You Work On Today?

I started the day off working on my blog. I got my initial draft of nmap pushed, as well as added the whole notes section. Now my blog has articles and notes. Articles are longer posts that seek to solve a problem, a to b. Notes are just for general concepts and tooling. So my one notes page is about nmap, and my next notes page will be about DNS. 

I got sidetracked after updating the blog, and did not have the motivation to attempting to starting the metasploit blog post, so I have switched over to reading up on DNS and taking notes in preparation to update my sites with DNSSEC as well as a notes page about what I learned about DNS.

## What Did You Learn Today?

Today I listened to Darknet Diaries Ola, very interesting about a Swiss programmer living in Ecuador who ran into issues with the local government and got into a lot of legal trouble, although no evidence has been presented to indicate that he did the crimes he is in trouble for. It goes into Julian Assange and WikiLeaks, and how Ola was a friend of Julian's and visited him in the Ecuador embassy during the time Julian was kind of trapped there due to being in trouble with the US and UK. Anyways, not very technical but very interesting to hear about the trouble you can get into even when doing nothing illegal. It is suggested that he is being kept to save face from the government's mistake. This is the first time hearing about this story, may end up doing more research on all that in the future, putting it on the backlog.

I am reading a book on DNS and have just begun, but it has been very informative, much more my style than the metasploit book, I may look for better references that go into depth about the tooling, or continue reading and see if it improves (I'll probably do that). Anyways, regarding DNS I've learned... The "global" $TTL directive, the purpose of the global $ORIGIN directive and some resource record syntax definitiona and what values within those records represent: SOA, NS, MX, A, AAAA, CNAME. Excited to get a solid understanding of DNS by the time I am finished.

What inspired me to look into DNS is that I am seeing that my domains are not set up with DNSSEC, and since I am in no rush I decided I will read a whole book on DNS to really understand DNSSEC and its applications.

I believe that learning about services such as DNS will overall improve my understanding when tackling the metasploit blog and make the post that much more enjoyable to readers.

I did some more reading on DNS: Key points are: DNS servers handling query requests take the load off the client and resolve the addresses, whereas iterative servers will send back info in the case they cannot resolve the address (info meaning a list of name servers that may have the data). I learned about the genius behind reverse lookups, and the purpose of reversing the ip addresses and adding the ARPA TLD.

I learned about zone transfers, AXFR and IFXR, and the NOTIFY probe. AFXR is full zone transfer, whereas IFXR is only changes are transferred. The master server can potentially send a NOTIFY probe to other servers to tell them updates have been made, the servers then check the SOA sn to ensure changes have been made and a transfer is initiated.

## What Were/Are The Main RoadBlocks?

N/A

## What Will You Tackle Tomorrow?

Tomorrow I will continue reading about DNS and taking notes. It seems like I can get through around 3 chapters a day with the book I am reading, so it should be complete within 5 days, hopefully sooner.

When I need a break from reading, I will transfer my focus back to metasploit blog. Specifically unreal ircd. I was able to run a metasploit auxiliary module and gain access via a shell and interacted with the target from within a session. I need to figure out what happened underneath the hood.
