# 2026-04-18

Today I started off with listening to a podcast on Darknet Diaries, it was called Deviant, and is about a pen tester named Deviant.

It was really interesting listening to the 3 stories he had completed while working and maneuvers used to get into places they were not supposed to have access to. In the first story, I was intrigued by how he utilized a spray in order to trigger a sensor for a magnetic door, then once gained access to the building was confronted by security and ended up getting a personal tour of the building under the guise of a elevator repairman.

The second story was fascinating, the team used chip readers to capture employee credentials, literally placed them inside the card reader machines themselves. This was really cool because they ended up getting caught twice, due to the town being so small and the employees really caring about their workplace.

The third story was really good as well. This company had very high security due to high level threats from foreign adversaries and needed to protect their facilities, the team had to use things like ghillie suits to not get caught. But once they found their path in, just tailgating past security in their car, the security was extremely lax on the inside. They were able to do absurd things that made the story very comical.

I read a few articles from phrak magazine issue 1, unlocking a masterlock was the most interesting to me and I wonder if that exploit still works. The execution involved pulling on the handle and feeling resistance for determining the first number (the number of resistance is 5 numbers off from the real number).

I spent most of the day figuring out how to work with some additional vim plugins, vimwiki and calendar-vim, I have them set up pretty well with my desired options, next I want to set up a template for these daily notes. It will be very nice to have some organization in my life.

Once I have my notes / templates organized and ready, I plan on switching back to my blog tomorrow, I have been putting it off. Blog, and seeing if I can use that auto conversion from vimwiki to html for blog posts. That could be interesting and make creating these individual pages so much simpler. I am excited for the next week.

Got motivated after a walk and listening to an interview with Jensen Huang CEO of NVIDIA, got a basic template set up that I can start implementing and using tomorrow. I also found my first vulnerability against metasploitable2 using the ssh_scan module. Tomorrow I am going to work on a complete process of exploiting then hardening a port on metasploitable2. Going to relax the rest of the evening.

## Tomorrow
 - research ssh vulnerability in metasploit2 picked up by msfconsole ssh_scan. Look into exploits.
 - research samba and netbios, determine if metasploitable2 is susceptible.
 - start intro and ToC for blog post, continue documenting metasploit notes.
 - organize nmap notes page, add feature to blog for viewing notes as well.
 - I have been neglecting LFS blog post, review and update current point, spend time in ansible for next steps. Need to check out the install packages command and ensure it does not fail but retries to install.
 - Set up another LFS machine for going through the LFS process manually and focus on learning the build steps.
 - Read some more from phrak magazine.
 - Listen to an interview.
