Today I worked on beginning the Metasploitable 2nd edition book. It went over several important topics such as the Penetration Testing Execution Standard.

I really liked how the nmap book was structured and I feel I have a good grasp of how nmap works internally, I am afraid the metasploit2 book is not as in depth, but we shall see. I have already learned quite a bit about the pentesting process and look forward to learning more in preparation of writing my blog post: "Exploiting and Hardening Metasploitable2"

I got up to the point of importing the nmap scans I performed previously via nmap (udp, tcp SYN/ACK), db_import and db_connect commands were used. db_import was fori nmap xml files specifically, good thing with nmap I outputted all file formats with the -oA option.

I got stuck for a bit getting frustrated with snap and the attrocious file organization. I ended up deleting metasploit-framework via snap, and reinstalled via tarball. I wanted to test out the ruby example in the book, running a ruby shell script that runs nasm like the book example, and succeeded after upgrading ruby via rbenv. metasploit-framework now lives under /opt and is owned by my user, feels great.

I listened to a Darknet Diaries podcast called Stacc Attack about pump.fun and how the first hired engineer ended up stealing 2mil USD from users of pump.fun, once meme coins had a big enough market cap, they were legitimized by being sent to the DEX (decentralized exchange), loans of SOL were borrowed in the process, on a technical level I do not understand it that well, but basically the hacker programmed the funds to be redistributed to other random wallets. Very interesting read.

I installed vimwiki in the hopes of getting better organized via todo lists, as well as starting to journal my daily works, which is what I am doing here. I am going to be getting used to vimwiki and trying to use it daily to keep up my productivity. I think I will look into reorganizing my .vimrc file in preparation for adding it to a public github repo.

Had issues dealing with running msfconsole with sudo privileges. The ipidseq requires escalated privileges to interact with host interfaces. When trying to run as root I was getting errors regarding a ruby file, turns out root was not using the correct ruby executable.

I've played around enough, going to call it a day. Fairly productive, the mismatch between the ruby version and certain ruby scripts is frustrating, I may install a Kali VM to see if there are better metasploit options on a Debian based system.

I have started playing around with auwilary packages and was able to exploit tomcat manager login, I have links for Samba and NetBios to read about tomorrow, and I just discovered the exploit-db url. Going to look into that. I think the blog will go over 20 ports, exploitation then hardening, and it will show the process I go through to determine what exploits to run and research cve's prior to the exploits.
