# 2026-04-25

## Daily TodDos

- [○] listen to a tech podcast
  - [○] 1. Darknet Diaries, ep. 130: Jason's Pen Test
- [○] read a tech book
  - [○] 1. 
- [○] read a rfc
  - [○] 1. 
- [○] read a tech article
  - [○] 1. 
- [○] brief read through of open source software
  - [○] 1. 

## Todo List

- [○] Continue with DNS Security, take notes, start thinking about how to organize notes into a comprehensive blog notes page
- [◐] watch DNS video on udemy
- [●] enable DNSSEC in route 53
- [○] Finish with the PSET stages rough draft

## What Did You Work On Today?

Today I enabled DNSSEC, incredibly simple with my setup.

## What Did You Learn Today?

Today I listened to an interesting podcast about pen testing, and it made me want to experiment with Burp Suite. I will use that tool when exploiting Metasploitable2 and check out the tool that allows you to brute force sites, I think it was called intruder and can be used from within Burp Suite.

It sounded like Burp Suite was a sort of layer 7 Wireshark type device where you can see a lot of info about where traffic goes, what is in the packets. I want to experiment with Burp Suite and incorporate it into my blog post about exploiting metasploitable.

I set up and enabled DNSSEC via AWS Route 53, which involves creating the Key Signing Key and Customer Managed Key. Cost of Key is expected to be $1 per month

## What Were/Are The Main RoadBlocks?

I have been banging my head against the wall regarding DNS, so I am instead going to enroll in a Udemy class and watch videos to provide another perspective / angle, and go over my notes to start structuring a useful DNS notes blog post.

## What Will You Tackle Tomorrow?

## Backlog

