# 2026-04-23

## Daily TodDos

- [●] listen to a tech podcast
  - [●] 1. Darknet Diaries, Diginotar, episode 3
- [●] read a tech book
  - [●] 1. Pro DNS and Bind
- [○] read a rfc
  - [○] 1. 
- [○] read a tech article
  - [○] 1. 
- [○] brief read through of open source software
  - [○] 1. 

## Todo List

- [●] metasploit blog
  - [●] intro
  - [●] toc
  - [◐] PSET breakdown of phases
- [◐] DNS
  - [◐] read chapter 8
  - [◐] take notes on chapter 8

## What Did You Work On Today?

Today I made good progression on the DNS reading, I made it towards the end of chapter 8 relating to SPF RRs, and decided I will skip to chapters 10 and 11. The main purpose of the reading is to get DNSSEC set up, and I would like to go back to chapters 8 and 9 but feel like getting DNSSEC set up and learning about that, I already have SPF configured and tools while useful are not going to be necessary for DNSSEC. Notes are going well, I will finish the book and then look into more resources that can help me better articulate some of the concepts of DNS.

I started off the day with the rough draft for metasploit and that is going well, I will be starting the blog off with an overview of the 7 PSET phases and work them into the article as best I can.

## What Did You Learn Today?

Today I learned about SPF and looked at my current records to compare and understand what it means. I also learned about DNS abilities to load balanced at the network level for different services like mail servers.

I learned that getting emails from my domain to not land in the spam folder is rather tedious, and words like "never" can get you put into spam, which I think is absurd.

I learned about the different phases of PSET, so far the first 3, and different levels a penetration test can fall under depending on the requirements of the company.

## What Were/Are The Main RoadBlocks?

The DNS book is not clicking on some parts, like SPF. A bit confused on that section, but there is a ton of info so it is understandable. Skipping to DNSSEC is a good idea for my current situation.

## What Will You Tackle Tomorrow?

Tomorrow I will complete the metasploit blog up until the PSET phases are laid out, as well as look into unrealircd, that will need a section. Research, images as proof from the kali box, etc.

I will also complete DNSSEC.

## Backlog

