# 2026-04-19

## Todo List

- [○] start playing around with ports and protocols to determine which will be good to be included, make a list.
- [ ] start intro and ToC for blog post, continue documenting metasploit notes.
- [ ] organize nmap notes page, add feature to blog for viewing notes as well.
- [ ] I have been neglecting LFS blog post, review and update current point, spend time in ansible for next steps. Need to check out the install packages command and ensure it does not fail but retries to install.
- [ ] Set up another LFS machine for going through the LFS process manually and focus on learning the build steps.
- [ ] Read some more from phrak magazine.
- [✓] Listen to a podcast.

## What Did You Work On Today?

- installed kali linux and am running metasploit, imported nmap scans

## What Did You Learn Today?

IP ID Sequencing (useful for nmap Idle scan) happens at the OS level, not worth checking multiple ports.

msfconsole setg command, so I do not have to set the RHOST when using every module. Persists until msfconsole is closed or value is overridden.

tmux command: Ctrl + b, z for full screen when using multiple panes.

msfconsole use command, specify multiple words to reduce the output list, i.e. use auxiliary mysql

msfconsole creds command, stores all discovered credentials.

a good starting point when using recon with msfconsole appears to be: `use /auxiliary/scanner|server/<service>/` pressing tab usually displays modules within that section that can be useful for gathering more info.

tftp is typically used on port 69 over UDP, insecure and meant for local access. It is used for things such as PXE booting, loading IOS images to switches, and transferring firmware. tftp typically sends the data to an ephemeral port the client requests.

after running some network commands on metasploitable itself, it appears xinetd is managing network services, and the daemon behind port udp/69 is called vsftpd. Does not seem like tftp is in use, I imagine if a user can brute 

I listened to a podcast (Darknet Diaries) called cloud hopper, it involved a forensics analyst trying to figure out the source malware infecting a system. I learned about dll sideloading, dll sideloading is when Windows programs request dynamic linked libraries, and due to the way Windows system looks for the proper package (similar to $PATH in linux, where it checks several locations) an attacker can create a program with the same name and use the Windows program as the exploit, difficult for antivirus software to pick up.

I've gained 4 shell sessions into metasploitable using the ssh_login module and pointing to the metasploit ssh password file (3 sessions), and the unreal ircd 3281 backdoor module.

## What Were/Are The Main RoadBlocks?

Finding tftp vulnerability:
  - auxiliary(scanner/tftp/tftpbrute) returned no files
	- auxiliary(scanner/tftp/netdecision_tftp) did not return the requested file
	- auxiliary(scanner/tftp/ipswitch_whatsupgold_tftp) did not return the requested file
	- after investigating on the host it appears no files are on the system, I read that it could default to the user's folder. Going to need to play around some more with this one and determine if there is a proper exploit, xinetd is wrapping it and I believe the underlying daemon for this process is pftpd (on port 69)

## What Will You Tackle Tomorrow?

