# 2026-04-20

## Todo List

- [●] update blog
  - [●] update posts to articles
    - [●] change posts to articles link in footer
    - [●] change posts to articles link in  header
    - [●] index page references posts, change to articles
    - [●] posts page references posts, change to articles
    - [●] posts talks about notes, change to talk about articles
    - [●] rename posts.html to articles.html
    - [●] rename posts folder to articles
  - [●] add notes section
    - [●] add notes link to header link
    - [●] add notes link to footer link
    - [●] add latest notes section under articles on index page
    - [●] create a notes.html page
  - [●] google seo
    - [●] update website sitemap
    - [●] review seo on all html pages of the blog, recursively grep for links with posts and the word posts
  - [◐] update sites referencing your blog
    - [●] blog
      - [●] update projects page
      - [●] review all links ensuring links are correct, perform recursive grep with blog domain name
    - [○] linkedin
      - [○] update links in featured section
  - [✓] notes page
    - [✓] create a notes page
  - [◐] nmap notes
    - [◐] review the page, include info, more user readable, include insights
    - [●] add a nmap notes card to the notes page linking to nmap notes
- [✓] metasploit blog post
  - [✓] review unrealircd exploit, how did I get a session? Prepare to use exploit in blog post
  - [✓] set up the introduction for the blog post

## What Did You Work On Today?

The main focus of today was updating my blog to include a section on notes. Notes are where I write about tools I am using, for example nmap. It will go over flags of the tool, some underlying concepts, what certain words mean, and useful commands and references.

Today was spent mostly making changes to the blog, not too much learning. Reviewing my nmap notes was beneficial and a good refresh. I am going to finish up the nmap notes and push an update to the live site tormorrow, I will not be getting around to working on the metasploit blog today, but plan for tomorrow.

## What Did You Learn Today?

awk -F flag can be used for specifying field separators, in my case I narrowed down a list of html pages to edit via grep, used the -F flag with awk to get the file relative paths, then piped the files to xargs to iteratively edit the files. It was pretty wonky with xargs and vim, and after completion I needed to close the terminal due to it not working properly. I wonder if running the reset command would have resolved the issue.

## What Were/Are The Main RoadBlocks?

N/A

## What Will You Tackle Tomorrow?

Tomorrow I would like to wrap up the Nmap notes page.

Tomorrow I would like to focus on the metasploit blog post. I would like to create an introduction, and set up a plan for how the data will be organized. I can start researching the unrealircd exploit that worked, I will need to research how the exploit works and what piece of code allowed the exploit to take affect. The section should include this info (i.e. details about unrealircd, cve, underlying metasploit code used to exploit).
