# 2026-04-26

## Daily TodDos

- [●] listen to a tech podcast
  - [●] 1. Darknet Diaries, Ep 86, The LinkedIn Incident
  - [●] 2. Darknet Diaries, Ep 19, Operation Aurora
- [○] read a tech book
  - [○] 1. 
- [○] read a rfc
  - [○] 1. 
- [○] read a tech article
  - [○] 1. 
- [○] brief read through of open source software
  - [○] 1. 

## Todo List

- [●] complete the PSET phase descriptions for metasploitable blog
- [◐] categorize initial phase of metasploit blog
- [●] implement DMARC into personal sites
- [◐] watch udemy course regarding DNS, review notes to include more clarity in preparation for blog post
- [◐] prepare to publish vimrc file to github

## What Did You Work On Today?

Worked on the metasploitable blog, set up DMARC for email / DNS domain verification, going to go and review / update notes on DNS after watching a Udemy course on DNS and DNSSEC

## What Did You Learn Today?

The LinkedIn incident, very interesting story of how a hacker was able to get into the LinkedIn company servers via an employee hosting some sites from home. And the brute forcing of hashes and ssh passwords is wild. I learned how salts can help mitigate the risk of leaked hashes and how the FBI were able to gather more info about the hacker, very interesting he was not using a unique IP and was using a unique User-Agent.

I learned about the remaining stages of PSET, and am excited to continue to the initial phase of the blog post where I will attempt to demonstrate implementing those phases and reporting for metasploitable.

I watched the DNS video from Udemy and got a pretty good high level picture of how ICANN and registries and registrars work together, most other peices was just a refresher. There was also a nicely broken down detailed example of a user querying and how the whole process works.

## What Were/Are The Main RoadBlocks?

N/A

## What Will You Tackle Tomorrow?

## Backlog

